hey max what's all over your face shit
hi Angela isn't Angelica with that car
oh sure sweetie
anyway I just saw Freddie push my kid
into the pool
okay Freddie be nice
sorry no no no no we're not done here hi
hi look the kid has Asperger's or
something okay he doesn't have
Asperger's he's just an asshole
excuse you excuse me what where did I
lose you there you can just talk to me
like oh shit I'm sorry is this a
stranger danger thing you know like talk
to adults Oh ladies and jela go with a
cot did she slide right out of the womb
on a stripper pole hey hey that was
months ago did I call it look the kid is
an asshole
okay sorry what do you want us to do
about it you're a mom now
grow a pair hey Freddie get out you okay
yeah you see all these people looking at
you it's embarrassing huh yeah it sucks
doesn't it yeah so you're sorry max
sorry max yeah let's try that one more
time
sorry max no Freddie I swear to God
today is the last day you ever push a
kid you hear me yes you're right yeah
okay
go talk to your mom ask her where she
got her boobs see a favorite group ah
that was amazing
where did you learn that single mom seen
some shit